README.md, before:

# Rolando Sorbelli

[Personal Skills](#personal-skills) | [Education](#education) | [Projects](#projects) | [Experience](#experience) | [WebPortfolio](http://www.rolandosorbelli.com)

I am a web developer who has been playing around with coding and markup languages for a couple of years now. I have gained experience in languages like HTML, CSS, jQuery and I am currently learning Ruby and JavaScript.

I am currently looking for a job as Front-End Developer and I would like to develop my skills using JavaScript and React.

## Personal skills ~

**attention to detail**

- I am fascinated by every little thing that has some kind of graphics or design element to it, whether it is a piece of furniture or a website. I love to pay attention to every small detail, even if it's just a dot, a hash or my beloved tilde ~. During my internship at The Web Kitchen I was assisting the team in creating or mantzining websites for our clients and I was continuosly reviewing my work to make sure I never missed something.

**willing to learn**

- I am a person who loves learning new things every day. I have always loved studying and even though sometimes I reach the point that my brain doesn't want anything else, I still don't give up. I love reading books and blogs, they always bring new knowledge!

**stress management**

- That's one of my best quality: I succeed in managing the stress almost everytime, or at least I try to! I have worked in busy places, especially in London and this gave me the chance to learn how to deal with stress. An example is Dishoom, a busy restaurant with 2 hours queue outside every day full of very hungry people.

## Education ~

### ~ Makers Academy (July - October 2017)

- Curiosity and passion for code
- Independent learner and problem-solver
- OOP, TDD, SOLID, MVC
- Software Craftsmanship
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, Node.js, Swift
- Rspec, Jasmine, Mocha

##### PROJECTS

| Name | Languages | Info |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| [Moomood](https://github.com/rolandosorbelli/moomood) | Swift | Iphone app that allows users to track their mood and chat with a personal assistant called MoomooBot |
| [Pokeball Run!](https://github.com/rolandosorbelli/pokeball) | Swift | Iphone game app based on Swift that uses the gyroscope techology to move items around on the screen |
| [Instapanda](https://github.com/rolandosorbelli/instagram-challenge) | Ruby on Rails | Web App, clone of Instagram. It allow users to sign in and post their pictures |
| [Bank - Tech Test](https://github.com/rolandosorbelli/bank) | Ruby | Simulation of a Tech Test using Ruby |

### ~ Web Design/Development Long Course, City Lit (October 2015 - June 2016)

- Wireframing, mock-up, design and development of websites
- File management
- Essentials of SEO
- Optimisation of images for web usage
- HTML/HTML5, CSS, jQuery
- Adobe CC Softwares

### ~ Photoshop / Graphic Design Course, City Lit (March - June 2015)

- Creation of graphic elements
- Typography
- Image manipulation and editing

## Experience

### ~ Freelance Web Designer/Developer
Portfolio: (www.rolandosorbelli.com)

As a freelance Web Design and Developer I try to give the best service to my clients, designing handy and useful websites and developing them using HTML, CSS, jQuery and Wordpress.

### ~ Web Development Intern, TWK Media Ltd (October 2016 - January 2017)

I was an Intern for 3 months and worked in the Web Development team. I achieved new skills in using Wordpress and its plugins and using PHP to build websites.

- Worked on clients requests in order to maintain their websites and add new elements or pages
- Worked on the Front-End of websites
- Worked on the Back-End of websites using Wordpress and its plugins
- Managed contents of some our clients into Wordpress sections and pages
- Built email templates for newsletters of our clients (using Mailchimp and Campaign Monitor)
- Acquired experience working with the Design and Development teams

Commit message:

Edited work and study experiences

README.md, after:

# Rolando Sorbelli

[Personal Skills](#personal-skills) | [Education](#education) | [Projects](#projects) | [Experience](#experience) | [WebPortfolio](http://www.rolandosorbelli.com)

I am a web developer who has been playing around with coding and markup languages for a couple of years now. I have gained experience in languages like HTML, CSS, jQuery and I am currently learning Ruby and JavaScript.

I am currently looking for a job as Front-End Developer and I would like to develop my skills using JavaScript and React.

## Personal skills ~

**attention to detail**

- I am fascinated by every little thing that has some kind of graphics or design element to it, whether it is a piece of furniture or a website. I love to pay attention to every small detail, even if it's just a dot, a hash or my beloved tilde ~. During my internship at The Web Kitchen I was assisting the team in creating or mantzining websites for our clients and I was continuosly reviewing my work to make sure I never missed something.

**willing to learn**

- I am a person who loves learning new things every day. I have always loved studying and reading and when I have some free time I like to keep myself updated on new techologies by reading blogs.

**stress management**

- I always try to prioritise my work so I can easily manage the stress around a deadline or a task that I am working on. For sure the experience that I gained working in a busy place like Dishoom, a restaurant in Central London where I worked for almost 4 years, helped me to achieve this skill and I find it helpful when it comes to work under preassure.

## Education ~

### ~ Makers Academy (July - October 2017)

- Curiosity and passion for code
- Independent learner and problem-solver
- OOP, TDD, SOLID, MVC
- Software Craftsmanship
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, Node.js, Swift
- Rspec, Jasmine, Mocha

##### PROJECTS

| Name | Languages | Info |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| [Moomood](https://github.com/rolandosorbelli/moomood) | Swift | Iphone app that allows users to track their mood and chat with a personal assistant called MoomooBot |
| [Pokeball Run!](https://github.com/rolandosorbelli/pokeball) | Swift | Iphone game app based on Swift that uses the gyroscope techology to move items around on the screen |
| [Instapanda](https://github.com/rolandosorbelli/instagram-challenge) | Ruby on Rails | Web App, clone of Instagram. It allow users to sign in and post their pictures |
| [Bank - Tech Test](https://github.com/rolandosorbelli/bank) | Ruby | Simulation of a Tech Test using Ruby |

### ~ Web Design/Development Long Course, City Lit (October 2015 - June 2016)

- Wireframing, mock-up, design and development of websites
- File management
- Essentials of SEO
- Optimisation of images for web usage
- HTML/HTML5, CSS, jQuery
- Adobe CC Softwares

### ~ Photoshop / Graphic Design Course, City Lit (March - June 2015)

- Creation of graphic elements
- Typography
- Image manipulation and editing

## Experience

### ~ Freelance Web Designer/Developer
Portfolio: (www.rolandosorbelli.com)

As a freelance Web Design and Developer I try to give the best service to my clients, designing and developing handy and useful websites using HTML, CSS, jQuery and Wordpress.

### ~ Web Development Intern, TWK Media Ltd (October 2016 - January 2017)

I was an Intern for 3 months and worked in the Web Development team. I achieved new skills in using Wordpress and its plugins and using PHP to build websites.

- Worked on clients requests in order to maintain their websites and add new elements or pages
- Worked on the Front-End of websites
- Worked on the Back-End of websites using Wordpress and its plugins
- Managed contents of some our clients into Wordpress sections and pages
- Built email templates for newsletters of our clients (using Mailchimp and Campaign Monitor)
- Acquired experience working with the Design and Development teams
